Web3inbox hooks focus (#1004)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3inbox/about.mdx

    marginTop: '2rem'
  }}
  items={[
    {
      name: 'Core Components',

>       description: 'For a fully-customized Web3Inbox experience.',

Reviewer: Link to core components from this Button is broken
`/2.0/web3inbox/core-components/about`

## Getting Started

> Web3Inbox can be integrated in 1 main way for now:

Reviewer 2: Nit: Do we need to specify this ? 
```suggestion
Web3Inbox can be integrated with the following approach:
```
